Documentation: Overhaul for 1.6 release (#362)
openSUSE/orthos2: docs/adminguide/setup.rst

       orthos-admin loaddata "dump.json"

5. Create a superuser
    .. code-block::

        orthos-admin createsuperuser

6. Create html files from templates
    .. code-block::

        orthos-admin collectstatic

7. start all services
    .. code-block::

        systemctl enable --now nginx
        systemctl enable --now orthos2.service
        systemctl enable --now orthos2_taskmanager

Setup a Cobbler Server
######################

Setting up a Cobbler server is important to be able to manage the DHCP and DNS of a network. Power operations of systems
are managed through Cobbler as well.

1. Install Cobbler: ``zypper in cobbler``

2. Modify the following settings and adjust them to your network:

    * ``bind_master``
    * ``manage_dhcp``
    * ``manage_dhcp_v4``
    * ``manage_dhcp_v6``
    * ``manage_dns``
    * ``manage_forward_zones``
    * ``manage_reverse_zones``
    * ``manage_tftpd``
    * ``next_server_v4``
    * ``next_server_v6``
    * ``scm_track_*``
    * ``server``

3. Start the Cobbler server: ``systemctl enable --now cobblerd``

4. Generate the networked bootloaders: ``cobbler mkloaders``

5. Run an initial synchronization: ``cobbler sync``

> .. note:: How you get the Cobbler Distros and Profiles managed to make them available is specifc to your Orthos 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: How you manage the Cobbler Distros and Profiles to make them available is specifc to your Orthos 2
```
